well howdy there Internet people it's
boullion so tonight we're going to talk
about life after this societal change
it's coming should come anyway
historically speaking events like this
trigger societal change they trigger
shifts given the current level of income
inequality in this country it's probably
gonna have something to do with that
because it's all being highlighted the
facade is just falling down around our
ears like a cheap movie set
most people who follow this channel view
view a radical idea as a good thing
they're looking for some egalitarian
society they may not know exactly what
they're looking for but they know that
this system isn't what they want it
doesn't work it doesn't work for
everyone and therefore it doesn't work
because of that a lot of theories are
being floated I'm spending a lot of my
day reading social media watching the
arguments one of the counter arguments
to one got me thinking that me actually
changed my opinion an argument against
UV I got me to change my opinion and it
basically boiled down to you know if
everybody had their base needs met well
then nobody would work at McDonald's
first if you you're willing to throw
away a theory that might lead to an
egalitarian society simply because you
won't be able to get a happy meal
that's pretty crunchy aside from that
it's flat-out wrong it's wrong people
work at McDonald's now what is wrong
with working in McDonald's there's a
social stigma attached to it but is it
shameful is there something wrong with
doing that job do you look at somebody
who owns a burger stand that does the
exact same
thing you look at them the same way
there is a social stigma attached to
McDonald's and other minimum-wage jobs
because their minimum wage because they
don't make a lot of money there's
nothing wrong with the job there's
nothing wrong with cooking burgers but
because it doesn't pay well and
everybody knows it doesn't pay well
there's a social stigma attached to it
but people are doing those jobs now
anyway and a lot of them aren't having
their basic needs met so yeah people
would still do because people always
want better people always want to better
themselves better their situation better
society most people you don't have to
keep people motivated with the threat of
abject poverty it doesn't even make any
sense
you don't need that stick human nature
provides the carrot people will do those
jobs and they'll be able to do them and
lead a better life now ubi in general
I've talked about it before
and I've said I've looked at it
pragmatically looking at the math the
theory all that stuff yeah probably work
but I always kind of qualified it by
saying I'm against it on philosophical
grounds that counter-argument making me
question that making me question those
philosophical grounds because I think
most people when I said that they know I
don't believe good ideas require force
most of the time there's an element of
coercion inherent in that that I don't
like now there's no more than any the
other coercion that comes from our
government but it's there and I think
people wrote it off too that that's not
actually ed I believe believed maybe
still believe many don't not sure still
kind of mulling it over
that comfort is the enemy of radical
thought if you want radical change
you won't radical thought you want
revolutionary change you want systemic
change people can't be comfortable
because if they're comfortable well then
why would they won't change it's a real
cynical view that's why I never really
elaborated on it I'm not sure it's true
though
I'm not sure it's true because right now
there's a whole bunch of people stuck at
home they don't have a choice they're
stuck there and yet they're still trying
to better things people using 3d
printers to make masks people selling
masks giving them to hospitals for no
personal gain just trying to occupy
their time and better themselves society
in general the world around them all at
once no benefit to it
doing that engaging in that kind of
mutual aid is radical that's a radical
thought and these people yeah they're
not super comfortable and is in the
sense of they can go do whatever they
want but they're not uncomfortable not
to the level I was picturing it needing
to get at before things changed maybe
free time the ability to live life
rather than just trying to survive would
encourage radical thought maybe if it
happened here it could be exported and
people in other places could see a more
egalitarian society function now as you
bi the answer I don't know but what I do
know is that counter-argument made me
realize that radical thought can occur
in any situation and the premise of
people just sitting around doing nothing
is patently false give you another
example I made a joke the other night on
Twitter and I realized that there are a
whole lot more people following this
channel that have done time that then I
would have imagined you know I said you
know some of you couldn't do 30 days in
the hole and it shows and there were a
whole bunch of people that responded to
that in various ways that let me know
they had done time prison is a perfect
example of what I'm talking about it
completely destroys the idea that if
people's base needs are met they won't
do anything because in prison food water
shelter clothing albeit substandard
medical care it's all there
it's all there however and those people
who I'm assuming will be in the comment
section go ahead and tell everybody what
your side hustle was everybody had one
right
everybody did something could have just
been stealing food from the mess hall
chow
everybody had some sidekick to better
themselves better their surroundings why
it certainly wasn't enough to put you on
solid economic footing when you got out
unless you were doing something really
stupid um it was just to make things a
little bit better at the moment even in
one of the most depressing environments
in the world human nature still drives
for improvement I would imagine that if
it's going to happen in a depressing
hopeless environment like that where you
know nothing's really going to change it
would work where change is possible if
we allow change to be possible look I
don't know if you bi is the answer I
still have some other qualms with it
what I do know is that going back to the
status quo is not the answer this system
is broke it's shown it's it's clearly
demonstrated this system doesn't work we
need something else anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night